Call umask(0o111) in server startup (#1702)
openbao/openbao: changelog/1702.txt

> ```release-note:feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```release-note:change
```

Let's also make this a change so people are aware of it. I don't think feature is quite correct, but it might break people.

Reviewer: We don't actually have `feature` vs `improvement` labels; that one was assigned by the default issue template fwiw. :-)

> command/server: Call [`umask(2)`](https://man.archlinux.org/man/umask.2) at startup to avoid settings executable bits on file creation.

Reviewer 2: nit?
```suggestion
command/server: Call [`umask(2)`](https://man.archlinux.org/man/umask.2) at startup to disallow setting executable bits on file creation.
```
